OSDOCS-5287: Network Observability multi-tenancy (#59913)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-multitenancy.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-multi-tenancy{context}"]
= Enable multi-tenancy in Network Observability

> Multi-tenancy in the Network Observability Operator allows and restricts individual user access, or group access, to the flows stored in Loki. Access is enabled for project admins. Project admins who have limited access to some namespaces can access flows for only those namespaces.

Author: ACK, yes I updated the Loki 5.6>5.7 prerequisites for Installing the NOO in this [PR](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/59694). But yes, I will also add the prerequisite here just so its clear. And also adding the `FORWARD` requirement. Thank you!

> Multi-tenancy in the Network Observability Operator allows and restricts individual user access, or group access, to the flows stored in Loki. Access is enabled for project admins. Project admins who have limited access to some namespaces can access flows for only those namespaces.

Reviewer: Just so that this is not missed, I did not see the `FORWARD` requirement added yet in the PR.

.Procedure
. Authorize reading permission to `user1` by running the following command: 
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-user netobserv-reader user1
----
+

> Now, the allowed users have access to the Network Flows Traffic page in the console, which is the same privilege as cluster admins, with data restricted to their allowed namespaces. For example, a user that has access to a single namespace can see all the flows internal to this namespace, as well as flows going from and to this namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, the data is restricted to user allowed namespaces. For example, a user that has access to a single namespace can see all the flows internal to this namespace, as well as flows going from and to this namespace.
```

The first part of the sentence is confusing to me as we only apply roles on the storage here. The access to the page is not related to this procedure.

Author: Addressed and reworked this sentence.

> The allowed users must be project admins (they must have access to the Administrator perspective in the OpenShift console).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The users must be project admins (they must have access to the Administrator perspective in the OpenShift console) to access the Network Flows Traffic page.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-multi-tenancy{context}"]
= Enable multi-tenancy in Network Observability
Multi-tenancy in the Network Observability Operator allows and restricts individual user access, or group access, to the flows stored in Loki. Access is enabled for project admins. Project admins who have limited access to some namespaces can access flows for only those namespaces.

.Prerequisite
* You have installed link:https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/openshift-logging/loki-rhel8-operator/622b46bcae289285d6fcda39[Loki Operator version 5.7] 

> * The `FlowCollector` `spec.loki.authToken` configuration must be set to `FORWARD`.

Author: @Amoghrd I added the `FORWARD` requirement to the prerequisites. Let me know if you think it should be added somewhere else too.

.Procedure
. Authorize reading permission to `user1` by running the following command: 
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-user netobserv-reader user1
----
+
Now, the data is restricted to only allowed user namespaces. For example, a user that has access to a single namespace can see all the flows internal to this namespace, as well as flows going from and to this namespace.

> The users must be project admins, which means they must have access to the Administrator perspective in the {product-title} console to access the Network Flows Traffic page.

Reviewer 3: This might work better as a prereq, like "you must be logged in as an admin" or something along those lines.
